c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\bin\Debug\WpfProject.exe.config
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\bin\Debug\WpfProject.exe
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\bin\Debug\WpfProject.pdb
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.g.resources
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.exe
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.pdb
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\ProjectHome.baml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\ProjectHome.g.cs
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\HighScoresPage.baml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\HighScoresPage.g.cs
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\GamePage.baml
c:\users\abc\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\abc\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\InputDialog.baml
C:\Users\abc\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\WpfProject\WpfProject\obj\Debug\InputDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\bin\Debug\WpfProject.exe.config
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.exe
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\bin\Debug\WpfProject.exe
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\bin\Debug\WpfProject.pdb
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\GamePage.baml
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\HighScoresPage.baml
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\InputDialog.baml
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\ProjectHome.baml
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\GamePage.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\HighScoresPage.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\InputDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\ProjectHome.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.g.resources
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\mateusz\Desktop\gra\WpfProject\obj\Debug\WpfProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
